DATA TYPES REVISITED
    In JavaScript there are six data types:
    Five of them are described as simple (or primitive)
    data types. The sixth is the object (and is referred to
    as a complex data type).

SIMPLE OR PRIMITIVE DATA TYPES

JavaScript has five simple (or primitive) data types:


1. String

2. Number

3. Boolean

4. Undefined (a variable that has been declared, but no value has been
    assigned to it yet)
5. Null (a variable with no value - it may have had one at some point, but
    no longer has a value)
    As you have seen, both the web browser and the current document can be
    modeled using objects (and objects can have methods and properties).
    But it can be confusing to discover that a simple value (like a string, a
    number, or a Boolean) can have methods and properties. Under the hood,
    JavaScript treats every variable as an object in its own right.
    String: If a variable, or the property of an object, contains a string, you
    can use the properties and methods of the String object on it.
    Number: If a variable, or property of an object, stores a number, you can
    use the properties and methods of the Number object on it (see next page).
    Boolean: There is a Boolean object. It is rarely used.
    (Undefined and null values do not have objects.)
    COMPLEX DATA TYPE
    JavaScript also defines a complex data type:
6. Object
    Under the hood, arrays and functions are considered types of objects.
    ARRAYS ARE OBJECTS
    As you saw on p118, an array is a set of key/value pairs (just like any
    other object). But you do not specify the name in the key/value pair of an
    array - it is an index number.
    Like other objects, arrays have properties and methods. On p72 you saw
    that arrays have a property called length, which tells you how many
    items are in that array. There is also a set of methods you can use with any
    array to add items to it, remove items from it, or reorder its contents. You
    will meet those methods in Chapter 12.
    FUNCTIONS ARE OBJECTS
    Technically, functions are also objects. But they have an additional
    feature: they are callable, which means you can tell the interpreter when
    you want to execute the statements that it contains.
    GLOBAL OBJECTS: NUMBER
    OBJECT
    Whenever you have a value that is a number, you
    can use the methods and properties of the Number
    object on it.
    These methods are helpful when dealing with a range of applications from
    financial calculations to animations.
    Many calculations involving currency (such as tax rates) will need to be
    rounded to a specific number of decimal places.
    Or, in an animation, you might want to specify that certain elements
    should be evenly spaced out across the page.
    METHOD DESCRIPTION

        isNaN() 
            Checks if the value is not a number

        toFixed() 
            Rounds to specified number of decimal places(returns a string)

        toPrecision()

            Rounds to total number of places (returns a string)

        toExponentia l()
        
            Returns a string representing the number in
        exponential notation

COMMONLY USED TERMS:
    An integer is a whole number (not a fraction).
    A real number is a number that can contain a fractional part.
    A floating point number is a real number that uses decimals to
    represent a fraction. The term floating point refers to the decimal
    point.
    Scientific notation is a way of writing numbers that are too big or
    too small to be conveniently written in decimal form. For example:
    3,750,000,000 can be represented as 3.75 × 10 or 3.75e+12.